Don't be a degen. That's my motto from now on. For the past several years of my life, I had been chasing girls, drugs, alcohol, and parties continuously without any intention of feeding my intellectual mind. After diving into the crypto world with Unique and Sankha, I feel as though the shroud of hedonism is being lifted and I'm starting to enjoy life as I had been before I was introduced to all that temptation years ago. 

It all started when I started smoking weed with my older brother. He introduced me to marijuana at the age of 15 and ever since then I got addicted to that escapist feeling. It spread to other areas of my life too, and I started watching a lot of porn and playing a lot of video games and drinking and partying when I turned 18.

Now that I'm 26 (1/2), I've come to realize what a toll all that hedonism has taken on my brain and mental clarity of thought. I see other peers (Unique) who did not go through the same hedonistic lifecycle as I did and instead devoted their time to studying and working hard. Their intellect is leaps and bounds ahead of me and I am playing catchup to what I could have been now.

While it's true that going through all those experiences has given me life wisdom and more capable of dealing with situations involving other people (interpersonal conflict), but taking a look at the opportunity cost (the alternative of hitting the books and pumping hours into my intellect), I'm not sure if it was worth it.

So far my interpersonal skills include being able to make people laugh (entertainment, sometimes self-depreciating) and flirting with girls. Making people laugh is good and sometimes makes me feel good, but sometimes it makes me feel bad because I have to put on a mask that isn't really me and make self-deprecating jokes to relate to other people. The reality of the situation is that I'm quite different from other people, in terms of intellect, and that whenever I "dumb myself down" to make people laugh, it chips away at my self-esteem. I think I'd rather stay where I am, the intellectual high ground, and not degrade myself to entertain other people. 

Why am I entertaining other people anyways? Isn't that something jesters do to royals? I'm a royal, not a clown. I'm not sure where this urge to entertain other people came from. Maybe my father, who does the same thing? Or maybe from funny friends like Ryan, where I saw how much attention they were getting from others and I craved that attention so I mimicked them? I also heard that being funny is an effective way to get into girls' pants, but the underlying reason there is also degen and not a virtuous one. It feels like my underlying desire and impulses to sleep with women has made me sacrifice a lot of my nobility and virtuosity and turned me into a degen. What a disgraceful failure on my party. Don't get me wrong, I really like sex. But I think chasing after girls has taken up too big of a chunk of my life to the point such that I'm turning into a degen. 

I went to Waterloo Engineering and graduated at the top of my class. I was raised in an upper middle class family without ever having to worry about going hungry or poverty. There should be nothing degen about me. I should be giving off the aura of a classy individual, yet I'm far from classy. My intellect and achievements should speak for themselves, yet I find myself wasting a lot of my time on unimportant, emotional impulses. I'm better than that.

I think going up this path of return to classiness and away from degen will allow me to look at myself in the mirror with more pride. It will give me more self-esteem and self-confidence. I will finally be able to own my life again. The self-love I will have for myself will be overflowing to others. I am not a degen. 

When I look at myself in the mirror right now (as I'm writing this), I see the tired eyes of somebody who has been through life ashamed of how he has turned out and secretly knowing that he can do better, that he has fallen far from where he should've been. He hasn't met his potential, but rather he has wasted a lot of it. But that doesn't mean that the potential is completely gone. It just means change is required to get back onto the horse and start living the life he was meant to live. 