# What happened
Today I got sextortioned on Hinge. I matched with a girl (Katie) today at around 3:30pm and we proceeded to exchange numbers and started texting each other. The text messages got gradually heated and we eventually started sexting each other, her sending me nudes and me sending over dick pics. After about an hour of this, she compiled an image of me along with my dick pics, my instagram friends, my address, and my Hinge profile and stamped the word "nudist" over it. He/she threatened to send it to all my friends and relatives unless I paid him/her $2000. I proceeded to send him/her the money on Zelle, but luckily my bank froze the assets and gave me the option to cancel it. After sending them the money, they proceeded to ask for more so I ended up cancelling the Zelle payment because I realized that even if I sent the money, they would keep asking for more. I should have realized this sooner and not sent the test payments in the first place. After some more heated exchanges, I lied and told the extortionist that my bank account got frozen and that I couldn't send any more funds until I unfroze the account, which would have to be tomorrow. That bought me some time and I was able to end the conversation with the promise that I would pay tomorrow. I took the time to do research online and consult some experts on next steps. Looking back, I should have done this while texting the extortionist but my brain was too preoccupied trying to keep the extortionist happy and away from leaking my dick pics that I didn't think of this option. I could have easily opened up a Google Tab and searched "What to do when getting blackmailed" but instead I was opening up Zelle and PayPal tabs to pay the extortionist. 

# How it made me feel
I was being weak-minded and wasn't thinking smart enough in the situation. Something that I'll have more experience with next time. A lot of it boiled down to me never experiencing something like this so I was panicking a lot and didn't know what to do in this situation. Now that I've done research and due diligence in reflecting on it, I can better tackle these types of situations in the future. I think I was trying too hard to engage with the extortionist and keep them happy so that they wouldn't leak my dick pics, because I was fearing the worst outcome and being risk averse. The smarter thing to do would have been to ghost the extortionist right from the start of the blackmail attempt and not send them any test payments. Sending them the test payments showed that I was willing to pay and would make them more clingy to extract money from me. My plan of action going forward will be to block/ignore them completely until they lose interest in me, and then delete my photos. 

When I first saw the photos and what they were threatening to do with it, I panicked and wanted to give them the money. $2000 to me wasn't a lot of money, but part of me worried that they were going to keep asking for more. Part of me wanted to trust them and believe that they would delete my photos after receiving payment, but after consulting with experts and reading information online, that is definitely not the case. How stupid of me to be so naive. Even after the extortionist changed their price multiple times, I still believed that they would honor their word. I even tried to negotiate with the extortionist to bring down the price. I think part of me is too naive and trusting of other people, especially strangers who are trying to cause me harm. I need to develop a better system for dealing with those types of people because I will definitely come across those people in the future. But I also don't want to become completely inhumane and shut out everybody from my life. I am already lonely enough as it is and if I add in more skepticism and cynicism on humanity, then there's a good chance I will become a recluse. I must think deeply about this: is there a way to better protect myself against malevolent people (extortionists, scammers) while also maintaining my optimism about humanity? Or is cynicism about humanity the most efficient/effective way to protect myself? How do old people do it? They must have come across way more bad people than I have, yet there are some old people that are still optimistic, positive, cheerful, and approachable (mind you there are also a lot of senile old people who are completely messed up). I might not have to figure out the solution by myself. I'm sure there are books and role models I can look up to in dealing with these bad people. It just means I have to go seek out the knowledge and incorporate it into my own life. I also think more life experience can help me grow in this aspect, for example, I went through this bad experience and came out wiser on the other end. I haven't really lost my optimism on humanity, but now I know how to deal with this specific situation better. However, how can I deal with another type of situation that I have never encountered before that is of similar malevolence with elegance and without panicking like I did today? That requires reconfiguration of the brain at a much deeper level than just learning surface level tactics and tricks for dealing with a specific situation. A novel "bottom-up" approach to dealing with people, if you will, rather than memorizing specific situations. Kind of like LeetCode, where you can either memorize all the problems and echo them in an examination, or you can learn the underlying patterns and frameworks so you can build up a solution from scratch for a novel problem that you've never encountered before. I would much prefer the latter, even though it's harder and takes more time, the compound effects of learning the bottom up approach is more fruitful in the long run. It requires me learning underlying human patterns and objective truths about human nature so that I can build up a system or framework of human interaction. By operating on these principles, I can approach any novel situation, regardless of the malevolence, and exceed in it. However it requires knowledge discovery (reading books, listening to other people's stories, consulting with experts) and diligent practice (going out in the real world and getting experience). I've already done that with dating girls on Hinge, as a specific example and starting spot. The problem now becomes how do I procure the time required to do that practice? I already have pretty efficient systems for reading books, digesting and acquiring knowledge, but going out into the real world and practicing requires time and social environments, both of which I have very little of at the moment. Maybe this is something that I can shelf for now in the middle-back of my mind and re-engage with at a later time, when I'm less busy. 

# How can I prevent this situation from happening in the future
Be more aware of the signals and red flags when talking to strangers. The conversation was going so well in my favour that I didn't stop to think about how fishy it all was. Reflecting on it some more, I think it was because I had changed my Hinge location to New York and was operating under the assumption that the dating scene in New York was easier for guys, so that boosted my ego and led to overconfidence in my actions and behaviour.

I'm not going to say something restrictive like don't send dick pics to anybody ever again, but the next time I send dick pics, make sure there's no identifying information back to me. In the dick pics I sent, you could see my clothes and the background was clearly the same background as the selfie I had sent earlier. That's how they got me. If I had sent more obscure dick pics (e.g. without any clothes, and no background information), then they wouldn't have been able to get me. This was careless on my part and I will be more careful in the future.

