# Why I am socially stunted
My parents moved houses when I was 9 years old. We moved from Lorry Greenberg to Barrhaven. I lost all of my friends that I grew up with, and it was hard for me to adjust to the new neighborhood and make new friends. I became a social recluse and started playing a lot of video games to escape the harsh reality that I didn't have any friends. I was also able to connect with my friends on the Internet that way.

After going through college, I realized that talking to people and being extroverted was hard for me. I took it as a challenge and forced myself out of my comfort zone to talk to people. It's still hard for me to this day, because I never developed those social skills as a child, but I'm still able to pass by as a non-socially awkward person with some effort. However, I am nowhere near as social as a natural who is able to talk to anybody without effort. When I go to large social gatherings, I have a tendency to keep quiet and keep to myself, sort of like an introvert. I only speak when I am really interested in the person (girl) or when I am around people I am comfortable with. When I am around people I am comfortable with, I open up a lot and I am hilarious. However, I can't seem to find that level of comfort with strangers.

For example, at volleyball last week at Palega, I had a hard time opening up to people and just focused instead on my game, my skill, and my craft. I think after spending more time with people, I feel more comfortable to open up and be myself. However, I wish I could do this at a more instantaneous level when I just meet the person. It is a good life skill to be more open and outgoing, though I do derive a lot of benefit from being alone too. I think a healthy balance of practicing being outgoing and spending time alone is optimal. I see going out and talking to people as a skill that I must practice, like piano. Like any skill, repetition over a long period of time is how I gain permanent increase in that skill. Just doing it for short bursts at a time will have short term benefits, but not much long term yield. Maybe I should start a podcost or YouTube channel or something. The ability to talk to people and be more outgoing is a very important skill to have because it creates charisma and is a good publicity skill. It's important if I want to rise up the corporate ladder (IC or management) or become a VC some day. Just getting to those higher levels purely on technical skill is tough, but having both technical skill and social skill would be beneficial. 

Every time I feel like I've "caught up" in social skill and take a pause, I quickly realize that I fall behind again and everybody else seems to have "caught up". I can read all the books about human psychology, emotional intelligence, and conversational tactics all I want, but developing a skill is more than just reading a book. It's learning the theory and then going out into the real world to apply the theory. I think I already have pretty good self-awareness and emotional intuitiveness when it comes to my own emotions, but my systems and frameworks break down when it comes to dealing with other people (e.g. blackmailers). I think I need to talk to more people but also listen to more people talk. Joe Rogan is an excellent conversationalist and entertainer and through listening to his podcast, I'm picking up a lot of conversation skills as well. I think an action item for me is to keep listening to his podcast every day.